Update READEME (#6547)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: README.md

Additional variable may be required for other tests, and should get flagged when running them by Go skipping the test and flagging in the output it was skipped, with a skip message explaining why. The most typical extra values required are those required for project creation:

```
GOOGLE_ORG
GOOGLE_BILLING_ACCOUNT
```

You can run tests against the provider you generated in the `OUTPUT_PATH` location. When running tests, specify which to run using `TESTARGS`, such as:

```bash
# for ga provider
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google
TF_LOG=TRACE make testacc TEST=./google TESTARGS='-run=TestAccContainerNodePool_basic' > output.log

# for beta provider
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta
TF_LOG=TRACE make testacc TEST=./google-beta TESTARGS='-run=TestAccContainerNodePool_basic' > output.log
```

> The `TESTARGS` variable is regexp-like, so multiple tests can be run in parallel by specifying a common substring of those tests (for example, `TestAccContainerNodePool` to run all node pool tests). There are 1500+ tests, and running all of them takes over 6 hours and requires a lot of GCP quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TESTARGS` variable is regexp-like, so multiple tests can be run in parallel by specifying a common substring of those tests (for example, `TestAccContainerNodePool` to run all node pool tests). There are 2000+ tests, and running all of them takes over 9 hours and requires a lot of GCP quota.
```

Those numbers have gone up a bit since the page this came from was written!

Author: Right! nice catch! Thanks! Forgot we've already hit 2000+ tests. Crazy~

Note: `TF_LOG=TRACE` is optional; it [enables verbose logging](https://www.terraform.io/docs/internals/debugging.html) during tests, including all API request/response cycles. `> output.log` redirects the test output to a file for analysis, which is useful because `TRACE` logging can be extremely verbose.

Tests will use whatever version of the `terraform` binary is found on your path. To test with multiple versions of `terraform` core, you must run the tests multiple times with different versions. You can use [`tfenv`](https://github.com/tfutils/tfenv) to manage your system `terraform` versions.

#### Using released terraform binary with local provider binary

> After the provider code is generated into the location at `OUTPUT_PATH`, you need to build the code in your genereated provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the provider code is generated into the location at `OUTPUT_PATH`, you need to build the code in your generated provider
```
